# MoneyGust
MoneyGust is a web-based platform that gives early stage companies(startups) and entrepreneurs first-hand discovery, experience and interaction with established corporates and organisations.
To use the website, investors and entrepreneurs must create an account on the website.
Once an account has been created, the individual can login himself. An individual can login on the website once a customer verification has been done which includes email and phone verification.
Once the person (investor or start up executive) registers himself on the site, he/she can view the complete list of start-ups and investors eager to associate.
Start up needs to register on the online portal with details which includes their Start up company name, Company Registration number, and place/country of registration. They need to answer various questions related to their field of work so that they can have a prediction of a certain industry range which aptly defines them.
Startup executives will be provided with a range of industries they wish to categorize themselves in. This will be the industry type which will be seen by the investors when they want to make an investment in a startup. The start-ups will also specify the range of investment they want to receive and whether they have been offered investment by any company in the past.
Investors needs to register on the online portal with details which includes their company name, Company Registration number, and place/country of registration. They need to answer various questions related to their field of investment so that they can have a list of startups in that field(s).
Investor’s account will be categorized into three types – High net worth individuals, Sophisticated individuals, and Professional individuals. They need to specify their category of investment. A statement issued by the investors will be displayed along with their profile. They need to fill a questionnaire regarding their preferences.
Start-ups can approach investors using the in-built feature of our website. Once an investor is approached, they can communicate with each other through the contact details provided by them. Same is the case with investors who in turn can approach start-ups.
After regular intervals, a unique pitching session event will be held, details of which will be sent on the respective mails of the participants(investors and startup executives). Every month a screening of around 300 companies has to be done and 6 companies have to be selected to pitch for 5 minutes on a one-on-one basis. Investors can ask questions throughout the pitch, before deciding who to follow up with and have further discussions with.
